Add psnpbind namespace to w3id.org (#2837)
perma-id/w3id.org: psnpbind/README.md

# /psnpbind/
This [W3ID](https://w3id.org) provides a persistent URI namespace for PSnpBind, a database built to study the effects of binding site single point mutations on protein-ligand binding affinity.

## Uses

> This namespace is broken down into different parts to link to different entities provided by PSnpBind like proteins, ligands, variants and protein-ligand complexes. See <https://psnpbind.org> for full details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This namespace is broken down into different parts to link to different entity types provided by PSnpBind, like proteins, ligands, variants, and protein-ligand complexes. See <https://psnpbind.org> for full details.
```
